README.md, before:

# AyuGram for Android

![AyuGram Logo](.github/AyuGram.png)

## Features

**AyuGram4A** is built on top of exteraGram, which means we have all the features exteraGram has and
some of Telegraher's:

- Built with official keys
- No emulator detection
- Screenshots in secret chats
- Messages history (+ deleted ones)
- No ads
- Probably something else, check commits!

...and **ghost mode**.

Please note that AyuGram does **NOT** include some closed-source exteraGram features.

## Downloads?

Follow our [Telegram channel](https://t.me/ayugram1338).

## Why there's no `X` feature from Telegraher?

Reason is still the same:
[read here](https://github.com/AyuGram/windows-patches/tree/main#why-patches-why-not-the-full-source-code).

Also, there's no AyuGram's settings. All features enabled by default except ghost mode.

## How to contribute

I'd be grateful for any contribution, since I don't really like Java. :)

Work on any feature you want.

## How to build

1. Clone source code using `git clone https://github.com/AyuGram/AyuGram4A/`
2. Open the project in Android Studio. It should be opened, **not imported**
3. You are ready to compile `AyuGram`

- **AyuGram** can be built with **Android Studio** or from the command line with **Gradle**:

```
./gradlew assembleAfatRelease
```

## AyuGram Localization

Since AyuGram is based on **exteraGram**, join their project
at [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/exteralocales)!

## Credits

- [exteraGram](https://github.com/exteraSquad/exteraGram)
- [Telegraher](https://github.com/nikitasius/Telegraher)
- [Cherrygram](https://github.com/arsLan4k1390/Cherrygram)
- [Nagram](https://github.com/NextAlone/Nagram)

Commit message:

feat: add strings initial fix: i'm too lazy actually

README.md, after:

# AyuGram for Android

![AyuGram Logo](.github/AyuGram.png)

## Features

**AyuGram4A** is built on top of exteraGram, which means we have all the features exteraGram has and
some of Telegraher's:

- Built with official keys
- No emulator detection
- Screenshots in secret chats
- Messages history (+ deleted ones)
- No ads
- Probably something else, check commits!

...and **ghost mode**.

Please note that AyuGram does **NOT** include some closed-source exteraGram features.

## Downloads?

Follow our [Telegram channel](https://t.me/ayugram1338).

## Why there's no `X` feature from Telegraher?

Because I'm too lazy, and some Telegraher's features are useless for the most of people.

## How to contribute

I'd be grateful for any contribution, since I don't really like Java. :)

Work on any feature you want.

## How to build

1. Clone source code using `git clone https://github.com/AyuGram/AyuGram4A.git`
2. Open the project in Android Studio. It should be opened, **not imported**
3. You are ready to compile `AyuGram`

- **AyuGram** can be built with **Android Studio** or from the command line with **Gradle**:

```
./gradlew assembleAfatRelease
```

## AyuGram Localization

Since AyuGram is based on **exteraGram**, join their project
at [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/exteralocales)!

## Credits

- [exteraGram](https://github.com/exteraSquad/exteraGram)
- [Telegraher](https://github.com/nikitasius/Telegraher)
- [Cherrygram](https://github.com/arsLan4k1390/Cherrygram)
- [Nagram](https://github.com/NextAlone/Nagram)
- [Telegram FOSS](https://github.com/Telegram-FOSS-Team/Telegram-FOSS)
